what's up people um I'm going to make
this short and sweet because I've tried
doing this about three effin times
already and YouTube is being stupid but
um trying to talk about is the flak on
bamboo splash tablet right here switch
kit it's a nice tablet you I mean I
can't go from computer to hurt from
video to drawing off son but I can tell
you that this is good first tablet to
use to get it's only $85 best buy total
that's a total cops from what I paid her
it was like 84-79 but that's why I paid
for this i paid 85 bucks ray tablet to
use as soon as i got it started using it
I couldn't wait and usually I'm all on
paper but when I was sayin reviews it
doesn't show you how big the drawing
area is because some are bigger than the
others and if I can put my fingers on it
with coordination this is a big as an
area as you get that's your drawing area
between my fingers or if I could
coordinate that's as big as your area
kids no cuz you're gonna think all this
whole area i can draw on no there's
white lines you can see one of them i
don't know if you can see it because i
can't see it but that's your area of
drawing I didn't know that because the
reviews that I watched and never said
anything about it but it is a great
tablet to use for starting off it takes
you know week or two to get used to it
in about a week only and it's a great
job comes with everything in a
installation disk you know pen artrage
pen it this one it only comes with two
buttons and this it's like the interests
their pens have an eraser this one
doesn't erase so when you're drawing I
me I set this button right here set it
to erase so it's just you know drawing
erase good if you might draw on your
computer then does come with this holder
right here so it's convenient I think it
does have a USB it's not well I think
you can get a wireless thing for it but
it's a desk come with USB installation
disk and tablet that sort of thing
outrage it's a great program to use
especially if you make light lines on
paper you can do the same thing with it
and then you know the more you drawing
the lines the darker it gets but yeah
the same thing on paper but it comes
with a whole bunch tools I can use it
comes with all the colors and just great
thing to start out with especially if
you know you really liked drawing and
you want to try drawing on the computer
it's great to use there's not much more
I can say on it it's just $85 go to
bestbuy buy one of these I recommend it
it was recommended to me and as long as
it's black on
and yeah plugging into this company
you're buying a good tablet to use its
recommended and I'd recommend buying
same thing unless you want to go out and
buy you know the five-hundred-dollar
interest 5 go right ahead well this
one's only 85 bucks and it works
perfectly fine I know you get that small
area to draw with and sometimes it's
awkward drawing especially when in your
hand goes like this but you get used to
it great tablet for deviantart if you
have one and you draw a picture and try
uploading it and when you're uploading
you're not going to see your picture and
your whatever file you put it in it's
not going to show up like it did it to
me what you have to do is go to file go
to export and export file or something
like that when you export it is going to
save and try saving it again go down to
the file type i think is what it is it's
the second part because there's always
two bars and it's the second one save it
as a JPEG and that's the file that you
want to save it as and then whatever
name and then that lets it uploaded EVR
otherwise it's going to be an art rage
picture and it won't even show up on
your computer or in your library
whatever you know I got windows so it
doesn't show up in my library of my
pictures and so save it as a JPEG
they'll show up I'm not sure about Mac I
don't know if Mac does that same thing
if you have a Mac then test that out but
I save it as a JPEG I think there's to
jpeg files I one of them works I don't
know about the other because I i don't i
have one same jpg file
so there's that it's recommended by one
star drawing with it right away if you
get frustrated yes it's frustrating at
first but trust me you get used to it i
did and i can't make this video any
longer because every time I tried it
screwed up or when it look so bamboo
wacom splash tablet by one draw it it's
great it's useful other than that when
your s when you're done with that one
buy the expensive ones I mean there's a
two-hundred-dollar ones there's a
five-hundred-dollar ones just buy an $85
01 just start out with that because what
if q by a five-hundred-dollar one elf
son you know you don't like it you just
spend five hundred dollars sorry my
phone's going off and I'm trying to mute
it but silent hill 2 step job thank you
but yeah any comments rates reviews i'll
try answering those i mean i can show my
deviantart I've only upload one picture
but that's because I still drawing all
right I'm going played her people